Paper comments andrew (#433)
deepinv/deepinv: paper/paper.md

where $x\in\mathcal{X}$ is an image, $y\in\mathcal{Y}$ are the measurements, $A_{\xi}:\mathcal{X}\mapsto\mathcal{Y}$ is a
deterministic (linear or non-linear) operator capturing the physics of the acquisition and
$N_{\sigma}:\mathcal{Y}\mapsto \mathcal{Y}$ is a mapping which characterizes the noise affecting the 
measurements parameterized by $\sigma$ (e.g. the noise level or gain). The forward operation is simply written in `deepinv` as `x_hat = physics(y, **params)` where `params` is a dictionary with
optional forward operator parameters $\xi$, and our framework unifies the wide variety of forward operators across various domains. Most forward operators in the library are matrix-free, scaling gracefully to large image sizes.
The library provides high-level operator definitions which are associated with specific imaging applications 
(magnetic resonance imaging, computed tomography, radioastronomy, etc.), and allows users to perform operator algebra,
like summing, concatenating or stacking operators. `deepinv` comes with multiple useful tools for handling

> linear operators, such as adjoint and proximal operators (leveraging the singular value decomposition where possible), matrix-free linear solvers [@hestenes1952methods] [@paige1975solution] [@van1992bi],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linear operators, such as adjoint, pseudo-inverses and proximal operators (leveraging the singular value decomposition where possible), matrix-free linear solvers [@hestenes1952methods] [@paige1975solution] [@van1992bi],
```

**Plug-and-Play**: Plug-and-Play (PnP) methods replace the proximal operator or gradient of the regularization term $g$ by a pretrained denoiser, i.e.,
 often using a deep denoiser [@kamilov2023plug]. The library provides popular pretrained denoisers, including DnCNN, DRUNet [@zhang2021plug], and other modern diffusion-based denoisers [@Karras2022edm].
 

> **Unfolded Networks and Deep Equilibrium**: Unfolded networks consist of fixing the number of optimization iterations of a variational or PnP approach [@monga2021algorithm], and training the parameters of the resulting algorithm end-to-end, including optimization parameters and possibly the regularization term parameters, including a deep denoiser in the case of PnP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Unfolded Networks and Deep Equilibrium**: Unfolded networks consist of fixing the number of optimization iterations of a variational or PnP approach [@monga2021algorithm], and training the parameters of the resulting algorithm end-to-end, including optimization parameters and possibly the regularization term parameters, for instance a deep denoiser.
```

The reason for this is that this is not really plug-and-play, this is unrolled (since trained end-to-end), so removing the reference to PnP clarifies the distinction between the approaches.

The library provide image transforms $\tilde{x}=T_g x$ in the `transform` module where $g\in G$ parametrizes a transformation group, including a group-theoretic model for geometric transforms covering linear (Euclidean) and non-linear (projective, diffeomorphism) transforms [@wang2024perspective]. These can be used for data augmentation, equivariant imaging [@chen2021equivariant] and equivariant networks.

**Network Regularization Losses**:  Network regularization losses which enforce some regularity condition on $\operatorname{R}_{\theta}$, generally having an upper bounded Lipschitz constant or similarly being firmly non-expansive [@pesquet2021learning].

**Adversarial Losses**:  Adversarial losses are used to train conditional or unconditional generative networks. The library provides 
both supervised [@bora2017compressed] and self-supervised (i.e. no ground-truth) [@bora2018ambientgan] adversarial losses.
Due to the additional complexity of training adversarial networks, the library provides a specific `AdversarialTrainer` sub-class.

> ## Datasets

Reviewer: I like the idea of adding those! There are some missing in the list I think

Author: done

|  |  |
| Flickr2K []  | Natural images |   
|  |  |
| FastMRI [] | Knee and brain MRI scans |
|  |  |
| CMRxRecon [] | Dynamic cardiac MRI scans |
|  |  |
| LIDC-IDRI [] | Lung CT scans |
|  |  |
| FMD [] | Fluorescence microscopy images |
|  |  |
| Kohler [] | Motion blurred images |
|  |  |
| NBU [] | Multispectral satellite images |

# Evaluation
Reconstruction methods can be evaluated using the `Trainer` class using metrics defined in our framework as
\begin{equation} \label{eq:metric}
m = \mathcal{L}\left(\hat{x}, x\right)
\end{equation}

These are written in `deepinv` as `m = metric(x_hat, x)` in the case of full-reference metrics, or as `m = metric(x_hat)` for no-reference metrics, and provide common functionality such as input normalization and complex magnitude.

Following the distortion-perception trade-off in image reconstruction problems, 
the library provides common popular distortion metrics such as PSNR, SSIM [@wang2004image], and LPIPS [@zhang2018unreasonable], 
as well as no-reference perceptual metrics such as NIQE [@mittal2012making] and QNR [@yeganeh2012objective], which can be used to evaluate the quality of the reconstructions.

# Philosophy

> `deepinv` is coded in modern Python following a test-driven development philosophy. The code is thoroughly unit-, integration- and performance-tested using `pytest` and verified using `codecov`, and is compliant with PEP8 using `black`. The library is thoroughly documented, and provides a comprehensive **user-guide**, quickstart and in-depth **examples** for all levels of user, and individual API documentation for classes including type annotations. To encourage reproducibility, the library passes random number generators for all random functionality Architecturally, `deepinv` is implemented using an object-oriented framework where base classes provide abstract functionality and interfaces (such as `Physics` or `Metric`), sub-classes provide specific implementations or special cases (such as `LinearPhysics`) along with methods inherited from base classes (such as the operator pseudo-inverse), and mixins provide specialised methods. This framework reduces code duplication and makes it easy for researchers, engineers and practitioners to implement new or specialised functionality while inheriting existing methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`deepinv` is coded in modern Python following a test-driven development philosophy. The code is thoroughly unit-, integration- and performance-tested using `pytest` and verified using `codecov`, and is compliant with PEP8 using `black`. The library is thoroughly documented, and provides a comprehensive **user-guide**, quickstart and in-depth **examples** for all levels of user, and individual API documentation for classes including type annotations. To encourage reproducibility, the library passes random number generators for all random functionality. Architecturally, `deepinv` is implemented using an object-oriented framework where base classes provide abstract functionality and interfaces (such as `Physics` or `Metric`), sub-classes provide specific implementations or special cases (such as `LinearPhysics`) along with methods inherited from base classes (such as the operator pseudo-inverse), and mixins provide specialised methods. This framework reduces code duplication and makes it easy for researchers, engineers and practitioners to implement new or specialised functionality while inheriting existing methods.
```
